Seriously? You don’t have any money?
I’ll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they’ll make you a metaphysical Ham on Rye.
What do you want?
Tony Stark, I’m Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the wedding, by the way.
We need your help. Look, it’s not overselling to say that the fate of the universe is at stake.
He can destroy life on a scale hither to undreamt of.
Are you seriously leaning on the Cauldron of the Cosmos?
Our oath to protect the Time Stone cannot change. This Stone may be the best chance we have against Thanos.
Well, if we don’t do our jobs.
Protecting your reality, douchebag.
Who could find Vision, then?
Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet.
Dr. Banner, if the rest of your green friend won’t be joining us…
It’s a simple spell but quite unbreakable.
You’ll find…removing a dead man’s spell… Troublesome.
We’ve gotta turn this ship around.
No, I want to protect the stone.
For what? Nearly blasting me into space?
I seriously don’t know how you fit your head into that helmet.
Unlike everyone else in your life, I don’t work for you.
I’m sorry, I’m confused as to the relationship here. What is he, your ward?
Can we control it? Fly us home? Stark?
Under no circumstance can we bring the Time Stone to Thanos. I don’t think you quite understand what’s at stake here.
Alright , Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand….if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone… I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can’t, because the fate of the universe depends on it.
Wait, what, Thanos? All right, let me ask you this one time. What master do you serve?
I went forward in time to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.
Oh, you’re much more of a Thanos.
You may regret that. He brought you face-to-face with the Master of the Mystic Arts.
Congratulations. You’re a prophet.
Who wants to murder trillions.
I think you’ll find our will equal to yours.
Do not let him close his fist.
Let me guess. Your home.
Genocide?
Tony, there was no other way. 